set up bincompat-friendly core codegen (#1900)
disneystreaming/smithy4s: modules/docs/resources/markdown/04-codegen/01-customisation/16-binary-compatibility.md

This will change the structure of generated code so that it's possible to evolve in a bincompat safe way.

An alternative way of configuring `bincompatFriendly` codegen is to configure the `smithy4sBinCompatNamespacePatterns` metadata key in your Smithy files.

```smithy
metadata smithy4sBinCompatNamespacePatterns = ["foo", "foo.*"]
```

> The above metadata configuration will configure Smithy4s to generate `bincompatFriendly` for all shapes with ShapeIds starting with `foo#` or `foo.`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above metadata configuration will configure Smithy4s to generate all shapes with ShapeIds starting with `foo#` or `foo.`, in bincompat-friendly mode, if possible.
```

since not all shapes even have a BCF mode. Like services.

Reviewer: actually, now I'm kinda worried that this will be a way to circumvent critical validation - especially for end users. Like, you can't use `@bincompatFriendly` on an adt union.

Author: Ah that's a good point I hadn't thought of. We could remove this option and then it will just force the use of a model transformer to add more namespaces without extra manual work. That way things will still be validated after the transformer..

Reviewer: yeah, that's how I've been doing it in https://github.com/polyvariant/smithy4s-bsp/blob/531ebb60261f62f766d6ce9d1680a12bc1cf887f/transformation/src/main/scala/MakeBincompatFriendly.scala - it tries to match only the shapes that are valid, though it's a bit duplicative in its guesses

Author: Nice, thanks for sharing 🙏

I'll update the PR to remove the metadata config tomorrow
